What is it guys and what KMAX So in this video we're going to be understanding the layout of everything
like here so that there should be no confusion for you when we move forward.
OK.
So you can see that this is how this whole panel is looking.
We have our Sidebar consist of everything that we can drag and drop right here.
OK.
And we can make our website look amazing So this is this plug in is basically called a drag and drop
plug in we can drag the hiding.
We can write text editor we can drag Burrton space or a divider icon in anything.
OK.
So then we will be moving on moving on and then it'll be some time with you guys then you will understand
how this looks OK.
So here you can see that we have two tabs.
The first one is the elements.
Make sure that you are hidden here.
This Stabb reference to the default colors so it's going to show you the default color or default font
color picker bayed settings global settings delete all content elementary settings in about settings
to don't just click anything here.
We're just going to work for this one right here.
OK.
And here we have the add a new section and then we have the ad template.
So we basically want to add a new section right here.
OK.
And we are going to assign or zoom that section as our header section.
OK so I'm just going to hit this and I can see that it's a select your structure.
So on clicking this at a news section it is asking me to select a new structure so I can go over to
columns section and I can go with three columns I can go for a column or a here should be like one word
or something like that so I can make it like say five column as well.
So I'm just going to go with the full column because I want to make the full length.
So I'm just going to select this and I can see that this is the section that has been created right
here.
This is the section OK.
So OK now what I'm going to do I just won the heading.
The heading to be drag drag.
I'll just drag this heading and I'll chop it right here and you're going to see how this works.
OK.
I'm just going to drag it and I'm going to drop it right here so you can see that it is.
This is the heading element.
OK.
If I just click this this preview then it's going to preview this whole website.
This is how my website is looking basically.
OK.
I'm just going to click here again and I want to change this.
So I want to change this heading element to be my name because I want my name to appear right here.
So it should be.
And Ziel or mine.
OK.
And I want to change the style of fit.
You can see that here.
If I just click here you can see that this is the setting which is coming if I just preview right here
you can see this is how it is working.
I'm just going to click straight here and on clicking this guy right here this guy grid it's going to
show me all the content right again.
OK.
And now let's understand this.
This is basically the heading.
This is the column that we selected that we need of one column and this is the whole section that we
added so we can added the section we can added to this column.
Or we can edit our this heading by just clicking here.
OK.
So if we want to change the background of this table we can change the background of the base if we
want to change the background of this whole column.
We can change the background of this whole column if I want to change the background of this whole section.
We can also change that.
So it totally the customization totally depends upon you and you guys are going to love it.
If I want to make that changes to my title right here OK I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to click this edit widget.
You can see and on clicking this disguise coming right here if I just click this guy right here this
guy is going to come here.
So this is how it works ok.
If I just drink to it like this again I want to edit this section.
I'll just come here and you can see that this is coming right here.
I have three dabs.
I have the content.
I have the style tab and I have the advanced tab key.
So in advance I can manage the spacing.
How many spacing I want.
How many spacing I want from bottom side and I can do the animation and about Chrome and stuff and in
the style I can go with a text color that I biography the shadow and something like that.
OK.
So I basically want to change the text color.
So are you the type all graphy I want to change the font size or font type so I want to just switch
it on.
And here is the size that is going so I want to increase the size OK.
And here in the family I want to select a font.
So I'll just go down.
So I have to select the form.
OK.
So choosing a fonde 40 or heading should be great because you have two options to choose your form should
be eye catching and you can choose a signature type form.
So if we have a signature of one.
OK so this font looks great cookie.
OK.
I'm just going to increase the size of this OK and I won the vate surveyed is basically used for baldness.
How much gold you won.
So for vaid I'm going to choose this to be 300.
You can see that the bowling is gone a bit.
I'm going to choose 100 and this is much down.
So we have to transform we can transform it to capitalize.
We can transform it to upper case
upper case doesn't look good.
OK so I'm going to choose to capitalize one because the first letter should be capitalized.
You can choose it like this.
And then we have the style so we can go with the normal Telic and Blake.
So I'm just going to go with.
Let's search.
I'll just go with italic and there we go.
And now what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save.
Once I'm done.
So I'm just going to hit save.
OK.
And you can see that this is the title right here.
It just coming.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to view my website that is going to be unsealed dot com.
OK.
And here we go.
You can see that this is the one that is coming so I can now manage this everything.
This section right here this column right here.
If I just come here and I just hit EDID column.
We were just first editing this title.
If I just come here and I had added column than here you can see that I can change the style of this
whole column and if I just come here and I just hit EDID section then I can change the style of this
whole section.
So this section is being style so I can stretch this section.
I can go with the content to be full of it and you can see that this is now changed to folded.
So I'll just go with the box read.
I'll just go read the column gap we have the hide Condon position and everything.
So if I just go to style and then he can see that I have the background.
So the box shown is we have the color right here.
I can choose any of the color to be the background for the background.
If I just select this you can see that this is the backbone that I have right here and I'm just going
to come here and I can change the color of this.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to go with the text color and my text is going to be white.
So you can see that this is how it is working.
And when I click it you can see how this is working.
So this is how it works.
OK.
Now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save and now in the next video Viiv we'll be adding a
background image right here.
OK.
And then we will be having a parallax effect.
I'll show you how you can add a parallax affect how you can make your website look amazing.
I am also going to and I'm also going to show a profile picture.
Then my name shouldn't be coming down below.
And then here should be the word developer NSU expert.
So it should be full of it.
Or like a bit of this much weight so that it should look great in the next video you're going to learn
how basically styling is done and Vence you full start gaining.
Make sure that you do one thing.
Is that a do create do create your own website side by side and to try to make do these changing.
So then it will be awesome for you.
So thanks a lot guys who are watching this in the next video.
Just make the customization so far ahead.
Goodbye.